Privacy Policy of Mathtery

Privacy Policy of Mathtery
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.

Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
 - Advertising
   - AdMob
      Personal Data: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID, for example) and Usage Data

Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Anlohse Info
R. XV de Novembro
Blumenau, Santa Catarina
Brazil

Owner contact email: anlohse.contact@gmail.com

Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Anlohse Info
R. XV de Novembro
Blumenau, Santa Catarina
Brazil
Owner contact email: anlohse.contact@gmail.com

Types of Data collected
The application itself doesn't collect any data from the users, but some data is collected for adversiting, there are: Cookies, Usage Data and unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).

Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.

The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected for the following purposes: Advertising.

Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.

Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.

AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
In order to understand Google’s use of Data, consult Google’s partner policy.

Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.

Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.

Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.

Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information - including a personal identification number - allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.

Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.

User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.

Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.

Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.

Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.

This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.

Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.

European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.

Cookies
Small sets of data stored in the User’s device.

Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).

This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.

Latest update: October 27, 2020
